Patient 1 was 52 years old and had a high BMI. The patient had high blood glucose, a family history of diabetes, and low physical activity. The final diagnosis was Diabetes. Patient 2 was 52 years old and had a high BMI. The patient had high blood glucose, a family history of diabetes, and high physical activity. The final diagnosis was No Diabetes. Patient 3 was 29 years old and had a normal BMI. The patient had high blood glucose, a family history of diabetes, and high physical activity. The final diagnosis was Diabetes. Patient 4 was 29 years old and had a normal BMI. The patient had high blood glucose, a family history of diabetes, and low physical activity. The final diagnosis was No Diabetes. Patient 5 was 29 years old and had a normal BMI. The patient had normal blood glucose, a family history of diabetes, and high physical activity. The final diagnosis was No Diabetes. Patient 6 was 52 years old and had a normal BMI. The patient had normal blood glucose, a family history of diabetes, and low physical activity. The final diagnosis was Diabetes. Patient 7 was 52 years old and had a normal BMI. The patient had normal blood glucose, a family history of diabetes, and low physical activity. The final diagnosis was No Diabetes. Patient 8 was 29 years old and had a high BMI. The patient had high blood glucose, a family history of diabetes, and low physical activity. The final diagnosis was Diabetes. Patient 9 was 29 years old and had a high BMI. The patient had high blood glucose, a family history of diabetes, and low physical activity. The final diagnosis was No Diabetes. Patient 10 was 52 years old and had a high BMI. The patient had normal blood glucose, a family history of diabetes, and high physical activity. The final diagnosis was No Diabetes. Patient 11 was 52 years old and had a high BMI. The patient had normal blood glucose, a family history of diabetes, and high physical activity. The final diagnosis was Diabetes. Patient 12 was 29 years old and had a normal BMI. The patient had normal blood glucose, a family history of diabetes, and low physical activity. The final diagnosis was No Diabetes.